# BankConnection

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **int64** | Bank connection identifier | [default to null]
**BankId** | **int64** | Identifier of the bank that this connection belongs to. NOTE: This field is DEPRECATED and will get removed at some point. Please refer to the &#39;bank&#39; field instead. | [default to null]
**Name** | **string** | Custom name for the bank connection. You can set this field with the &#39;Edit a bank connection&#39; service, as well as during the initial import of the bank connection. Maximum length is 64. | [optional] [default to null]
**BankingUserId** | **string** | NOTE: This field is deprecated and will be removed at some point. Please refer to the &#39;loginCredentials&#39; in the &#39;interfaces&#39; field instead.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Stored online banking user ID credential. This field may be null for the &#39;demo connection&#39;. If your client has no license for processing banking credentials then a banking user ID will always be &#39;XXXXX&#39; | [optional] [default to null]
**BankingCustomerId** | **string** | NOTE: This field is deprecated and will be removed at some point. Please refer to the &#39;loginCredentials&#39; in the &#39;interfaces&#39; field instead.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Stored online banking customer ID credential. If your client has no license for processing banking credentials or if this field contains a value that requires password protection (see field ‘isCustomerIdPassword’ in Bank Resource) then the banking customer ID will always be &#39;XXXXX | [optional] [default to null]
**BankingPin** | **string** | NOTE: This field is deprecated and will be removed at some point. Please refer to the &#39;loginCredentials&#39; in the &#39;interfaces&#39; field instead.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Stored online banking PIN. If a PIN is stored, this will always be &#39;XXXXX&#39; | [optional] [default to null]
**Type_** | **string** | Bank connection type | [default to null]
**UpdateStatus** | **string** | Current status of data download (account balances and transactions/securities). The POST /bankConnections/import and POST /bankConnections/&lt;id&gt;/update services will set this flag to IN_PROGRESS before they return. Once the import or update has finished, the status will be changed to READY. | [default to null]
**CategorizationStatus** | **string** | Current status of transactions categorization. The asynchronous download process that is triggered by a call of the POST /bankConnections/import and POST /bankConnections/&lt;id&gt;/update services (and also by finAPI&#39;s auto update, if enabled) will set this flag to PENDING once the download has finished and a categorization is scheduled for the imported transactions. A separate categorization thread will then start to categorize the transactions (during this process, the status is IN_PROGRESS). When categorization has finished, the status will be (re-)set to READY. Note that the current categorization status should only be queried after the download has finished, i.e. once the download status has switched from IN_PROGRESS to READY. | [default to null]
**LastManualUpdate** | [***UpdateResult**](UpdateResult.md) | NOTE: This field is deprecated and will be removed at some point. Please refer to corresponding field in &#39;interfaces&#39; instead.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Result of the last manual update of this bank connection. If no manual update has ever been done so far, then this field will not be set. | [optional] [default to null]
**LastAutoUpdate** | [***UpdateResult**](UpdateResult.md) | NOTE: This field is deprecated and will be removed at some point. Please refer to corresponding field in &#39;interfaces&#39; instead.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Result of the last auto update of this bank connection (ran by finAPI&#39;s automatic batch update process). If no auto update has ever been done so far, then this field will not be set. | [optional] [default to null]
**IbanOnlyMoneyTransferSupported** | **bool** | NOTE: This field is deprecated and will be removed at some point. Please refer to the account capabilities instead.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Whether this bank connection accepts money transfer requests where the recipient&#39;s account is defined just by the IBAN (without an additional BIC). This field is re-evaluated each time this bank connection is updated. &lt;br/&gt;See also: /accounts/requestSepaMoneyTransfer | [default to null]
**IbanOnlyDirectDebitSupported** | **bool** | NOTE: This field is deprecated and will be removed at some point. Please refer to the account capabilities instead.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Whether this bank connection accepts direct debit requests where the debitor&#39;s account is defined just by the IBAN (without an additional BIC). This field is re-evaluated each time this bank connection is updated. &lt;br/&gt;See also: /accounts/requestSepaDirectDebit | [default to null]
**CollectiveMoneyTransferSupported** | **bool** | NOTE: This field is deprecated and will be removed at some point. Please refer to the account capabilities instead.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Whether this bank connection supports submitting collective money transfers. This field is re-evaluated each time this bank connection is updated. &lt;br/&gt;See also: /accounts/requestSepaMoneyTransfer | [default to null]
**DefaultTwoStepProcedureId** | **string** | NOTE: This field is deprecated and will be removed at some point. Please refer to corresponding field in &#39;interfaces&#39; instead.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;The default two-step-procedure. Must match one of the available &#39;procedureId&#39;s from the &#39;twoStepProcedures&#39; list. When this field is set, then finAPI will automatically try to select the procedure wherever applicable. Note that the list of available procedures of a bank connection may change as a result of an update of the connection, and if this field references a procedure that is no longer available after an update, finAPI will automatically clear the default procedure (set it to null). | [optional] [default to null]
**TwoStepProcedures** | [**[]TwoStepProcedure**](TwoStepProcedure.md) | NOTE: This field is deprecated and will be removed at some point. Please refer to corresponding field in &#39;interfaces&#39; instead.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Available two-step-procedures for this bank connection, used for submitting a money transfer or direct debit request (see /accounts/requestSepaMoneyTransfer or /requestSepaDirectDebit). The available two-step-procedures are re-evaluated each time this bank connection is updated (/bankConnections/update). This means that this list may change as a result of an update. | [optional] [default to null]
**Interfaces** | [**[]BankConnectionInterface**](BankConnectionInterface.md) | Set of interfaces that are connected for this bank connection. | [optional] [default to null]
**AccountIds** | **[]int64** | Identifiers of the accounts that belong to this bank connection | [default to null]
**Owners** | [**[]BankConnectionOwner**](BankConnectionOwner.md) | Information about the owner(s) of the bank connection | [optional] [default to null]
**Bank** | [***Bank**](Bank.md) | Bank that this connection belongs to | [default to null]
**FurtherLoginNotRecommended** | **bool** | This field indicates whether the last communication with the bank failed with an error that requires the user&#39;s attention or multi-step authentication error. If &#39;furtherLoginNotRecommended&#39; is true, finAPI will stop auto updates of this bank connection to mitigate the risk of the user&#39;s bank account getting locked by the bank. Every communication with the bank (via updates, money_transfers, direct debits. etc.) can change the value of this flag. If this field is true, we recommend the user to check his credentials and try a manual update of the bank connection. If the update is successful without any multi-step authentication error, the &#39;furtherLoginNotRecommended&#39; field will be set to false and the bank connection will be reincluded in the next batch update process. A manual update of the bank connection with incorrect credentials or if multi-step authentication error happens will set this field to true and lead to the exclusion of the bank connection from the following batch updates. | [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


